HTML
1. favicons.ico -- To downloads the Favicons icon.
2. fonts.google.com -- To download fonts family.
3. flaticons.com --- to get icons like call,linkedin etc.
4. giphy.com --- for some pretty cool gifs.
5. https://cssbuttoncreator.com/ -NOTE: In order to create the buttons in the specification 
                                  you’ll need to head over to this site and edit the button then copy and paste the CSS.
6. https://www.frontendmentor.io/ --- useful to complete HTML and CSS Challenges.
7. getbootstrap.com ---  To Download the bootstrap code.
8. dribble.com --- it is used to take the sample websites.
9. LEARN HOW TO CREATE WIREFRAME FOR YOUR WEBSITE.
10. codeply.com ---  online IDE to create bootstrap application.
11. fontawesome.com --  to take the logos of social medias. need to include link in head by registering mail id.
12. Carousel ---- Learn about this in deep.



Website Designing
1. adobecolor --  website to select the different color pallets.
2. colorhunt.co -- for chooding color pallets.

Practise
 1. dailuUi -- A website to learn webDwevelopment for 100 days.
 2. canva.com --- A website used to create website templates like PowerPoint.


1. minifier.org -- used to remove all the spaces from css and javascript code to reduce file size.


BACKEND STARTS
1. hyper.is --- download hyper command line.
2. Json viwer Awesome extension for chrome in order to format JSON output returned by an API.

API
1. https://openweathermap.org/ -- this website is used to take the API and use the service to display the Weather forecast.
2. https://mailchimp.com/ ---  this is used to get API to save the emails in a server to create newletter login.


Git Commands
1. git init ----- to initialize the git in a folder
2. git status ----- used to check the status of the files that has been changed
3. git add . ---- this is used before committng a file
4. git commit -m "Comments to log" ---- this is used to commit the changes and create checkpoint
5. git log --  this is used to check the logs
6. git diff filename -- this is used to check what all difference is done after the previous checkpoint
7. git checkout filename -- This is used to return back a file to the previous check point.
8. git remote add origin (github repo url).git ----- this is first command to add files to github
9 git push -u origin master -- this is used to push the files to the github repository.
10. git rm --cached -r . ---- After adding the file we can undo the adding that we add using git add . command
11. git clone (URL).git ---- it is used to clone the Project 
12. git branch branchname ---- this command is used to create a new branch in the existing project so that in later point  of time we can commit the changes to main branch
13. git branch ---is used to find out all the branches in the current project alos inside which branch you are.
14. git checkout branchname -- this command is used to select the newly created branch.
15. git merge branchname and after this type :q! to save and quit --  this will merge the branch you created to the master branch

Git command to ignore certain files that we do not want to commit
1. create a hidden file using command ------ touch .gitignore
2. see the hidden file using the command--- ls -a
3. open the .gitignore file and add all the filenames
4. now you can commit the files and push the code to github

EXPRESS PLAYGROUND
1. KATAKODA

JAVASCRIPT LIBRARY
1. Lodash

MONGODB
1. Robo 3T ----- the tool for mongoDB

REACT
1. 

REACT NATIVE
1.

